c:\Users\DELL\Documents\UG Project\PHOTOSS\Cyber-Security.jpg 
c:\Users\DELL\Documents\UG Project\PHOTOSS\departmental pic.jpg 
c:\Users\DELL\Documents\UG Project\PHOTOSS\dlearning.jpg 
c:\Users\DELL\Documents\UG Project\PHOTOSS\events.jpg 
c:\Users\DELL\Documents\UG Project\PHOTOSS\facebook-logo.png 
c:\Users\DELL\Documents\UG Project\PHOTOSS\future.png 
c:\Users\DELL\Documents\UG Project\PHOTOSS\homepics.jpg 
c:\Users\DELL\Documents\UG Project\PHOTOSS\ig.png 
c:\Users\DELL\Documents\UG Project\PHOTOSS\information-techno.jpg 
c:\Users\DELL\Documents\UG Project\PHOTOSS\IT.jpg 
c:\Users\DELL\Documents\UG Project\PHOTOSS\lecturer.jpg 
c:\Users\DELL\Documents\UG Project\PHOTOSS\mit.jpg 
c:\Users\DELL\Documents\UG Project\PHOTOSS\mobile app.jpg 
c:\Users\DELL\Documents\UG Project\PHOTOSS\mphil cs.jpg 
c:\Users\DELL\Documents\UG Project\PHOTOSS\mphil IT.jpg 
c:\Users\DELL\Documents\UG Project\PHOTOSS\MS cs.jpg 
c:\Users\DELL\Documents\UG Project\PHOTOSS\ms IT.jpg 
c:\Users\DELL\Documents\UG Project\PHOTOSS\networking.jpg 
c:\Users\DELL\Documents\UG Project\PHOTOSS\phd cs.jpg 
c:\Users\DELL\Documents\UG Project\PHOTOSS\phd it.jpg 
c:\Users\DELL\Documents\UG Project\PHOTOSS\photo w.jpg 
c:\Users\DELL\Documents\UG Project\PHOTOSS\python2.jpg 
c:\Users\DELL\Documents\UG Project\PHOTOSS\resources.jpg 
c:\Users\DELL\Documents\UG Project\PHOTOSS\result.png 
c:\Users\DELL\Documents\UG Project\PHOTOSS\results.jpg 
c:\Users\DELL\Documents\UG Project\PHOTOSS\student pic.jpg 
c:\Users\DELL\Documents\UG Project\PHOTOSS\twitter.jpg 
c:\Users\DELL\Documents\UG Project\PHOTOSS\typing.jpg 
c:\Users\DELL\Documents\UG Project\PHOTOSS\apievent.png 
c:\Users\DELL\Documents\UG Project\PHOTOSS\Balme.jpg 
c:\Users\DELL\Documents\UG Project\PHOTOSS\community.jpg 
c:\Users\DELL\Documents\UG Project\PHOTOSS\comScience_logo.png 
c:\Users\DELL\Documents\UG Project\PHOTOSS\contact us.jpg 
c:\Users\DELL\Documents\UG Project\PHOTOSS\courses.jpg 
c:\Users\DELL\Documents\UG Project\PHOTOSS\cs.jpg